Small Code Security docs updates (#27985)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/code_security/software_composition_analysis/_index.md

- Risk-based prioritization and remediation based on runtime detection of vulnerabilities
- Identification of malicious packages, end-of-life libraries, and library riskiness based on OpenSSF standards

> Datadog SCA uses a curated proprietary database. The database is sourced from Open Source Vulnerabilities (OSV), National Vulnerability Database (NVD), GitHub advisories, and other language ecosystem advisories, as well as Datadog's own Security Research team's findings. There is a maximum of 2h between when a new vulnerability is published and when it appears in Datadog, with emerging vulnerabilities typically appearing in Datadog within minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog SCA uses a curated proprietary database. The database is sourced from Open Source Vulnerabilities (OSV), National Vulnerability Database (NVD), GitHub advisories, and other language ecosystem advisories, as well as Datadog's own Security Research team's findings. There is a maximum of 2 hours between when a new vulnerability is published and when it appears in Datadog, with emerging vulnerabilities typically appearing in Datadog within minutes.
```
